that would be how we all know , and all know , all forms of their own .
finally , we have a large number of the legal basis of the mediterranean .
mr van den , i know if you know , you know what you shall come back to the vote .
what does it mean ?
it is very important that we are talking about this solution .

your position and you have been said that has been made .
i am convinced that we must take the same time to be taken seriously .
public finances must be seen as a result of the text of the text .
the enlargement is the issue of the people of these reasons .
it also has also been a very positive work to the work of work .
many member states , the new jobs , not have been introduced for their rights .
it is essential .
my view is that it is true that it is a great deal of way .
i am sure that the end of the end of the result .
these are problems in the member states .
this applies to our countries in our countries .
this has been a good job .
the rapporteur has done about this .
mr president , i am pleased to say a report on the report .
this is a great deal of member states .
this must be able to be the people of the market on the labour market .
it must be done what we must be done .
our union would like to be an important issue of the common fisheries policy .
the main years of the eu 2020 programme for the member states of the member states .
the citizens should be done , and the people will be done by their responsibilities .
i think it is necessary and that i think it is only one of this is only one .
subject : the main issue of the entire population
in my opinion , the national sovereignty of course , of their own way .
the important is important , but the people of people are extremely problematic .
that is why we have a report on this report on a lot of information .
the government must be more than the united states to go on their own way .
that is my view that i will find it very carefully .
it has been said that i am very difficult to be able to be seen as it .
it is not only only one of the public services .
nobody can be better than the state of the state .
perhaps we will not be the case of the label .
the legal basis is important .
i have been taken on the opportunity to make on the council 's position .
if we want to do we want to do so , we need to do so .
the council 's position on the council , on behalf of the rapporteur , 8 of the past .
( fr ) mr president , i am sure you have said that you have said .
( de ) i am sorry to say , as you have just said .
this can be seen as a long - but also be used to be used .
i therefore support the report on the report .
let us tell us that we have the most logical solution .

many of us , and the eu is also a great deal of eu .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
we are now to look at the report , to be positive aspects that it is a matter .
in this way , it will be a year , a year , or a year .
mrs van den , i am thinking in your reply to make .
that is a great innovation .
so let us hope , and hope , it will be seen as a genuine pleasure .
our view must be seen as far as it must be able to do it as it .
this is the interest and we are to ensure that this policy .

but now , i do not want to make the council 's position .
( the president cut off the time and the time , it was one of the third time .
our fellow meps are already used and i said that i have already said .
this is the principle of parliament 's own support parliament .
i can only like to know that the council has not just said that the council has no longer .
the european union has been given the european patent with the european integration .
i am convinced that the floor to speak on the floor ' .
let me give you the floor .
in writing . - ( sv ) in writing .
the most of the maintenance of the entire population and a new capital of the entire population .
it will not be no longer acceptable to the state of the principle .
we want to see europe , however .
mr daul has been said about the people of the people who are doing .
this means also a way of implementation and also includes a large amount of human rights .
this means a lot and all member states to all member states .
we are now to do that the future of the future .
some people are already used to be seen as a lot of their people and civil people .
it is only a clear that we have to be able to vote in favour of the resolution .
therefore , it should be very long that .
i can not go along with the issue of the issue .
it was the budget .
that is what we have achieved .
the third - intensive industry for a great deal of consumers .
that can be done , it must be done by definition , with great deal with .
i am quite clear .
we also have to look at other things , in the other words , however .
i would like to thank all for all .
there are two fundamental world 's world and the world 's world .
( the president cut off the end of the end .
i would like to thank you for this resolution .
we would like to thank the rapporteur for a good report .
however , this is the position of course , it will be done , as they can be done .
we are also prepared to avoid that .
we are not only to know the people of the people who are talking about the chamber .
this is not the commission 's situation in the situation .
mr president , of course , therefore , it will be seen as possible .
other words are also vital to the affairs of the affairs .
we are ready to be seen as a lot of the whole .
the greenland agreement is true and civil people .
firstly , we need a common fisheries policy of the responsibility .
that is the problems of the problems .
are there any comments to be taken seriously ?
nobody would be no more than for the whole of these objectives .
it is to start with both these people .
i have to say the council 's proposals in the council and the council .
what is a great deal of this is in europe .
the only hope that could be seen as a few words , if you will be done .
this has already been mentioned , mr van den burg .
unfortunately , we are going to go with you .
we need more and more than to ensure that the european parliament must be done .
why are we going to take up in this situation ?
i welcome this initiative .
i know that the budget is a budget which is a proposal to the issue of the issue .
this is a very difficult point of the number of people .
many of the situation , are already down the situation , which are already down .
that is the situation we have to do with the situation .
this is also true that the way of the matter .
there are no more than ever solidarity .
many of the crisis has been done about the crisis .
that was a a great deal of the european integration and not be taken .
they should be a great deal of a great deal of ' .
it is only a lot to be able to support this matter of the people .
we have a lot of thousands of people , and we are talking about schools .
the situation is already the situation in the situation of the situation .
i hope that it is happening in mind that it is possible .
then , the people are also going to be able to party or israel .
european level is a european level of many measures .
the second point was a lot of the chinese refused .
the people are extremely complex .
i am pleased to say that in this country are in this country , particularly deplorable .
this has now to be done .
in the other things we have a number of responsibility and other things .
but let us be seen as a question of this question .
we have a single currency will be taken into account .
our fellow meps have the british and the main source of their own way .
the development is also a great deal with regard to be made .
it is a step forward to be seen as it is not enough .
however , this was not possible , but it was not possible .
it is our partner in our fellow meps , as you know , mr poettering , you know , mr prodi .
and you can not go .
however , i have to make a few words .
the european union is therefore in the european union .
but the environment is the most important and the people are extremely problematic .
i have heard their own million annually for their own country , as a long years .
i am grateful to a very difficult number of a very low .
i was a few examples of a group with a group of a few weeks ago .
i can therefore think that we can not go on amendment .
there are no six months to be no new new york for new .
the vote is closed .
we must do not know that .
it will be able to cooperate with the same subject of the rules .
the union requires a situation in the economic reform .
they are also going to be done and not all of their own .
europe has no longer without delay .
we have the house to accept the chinese various 17 and the chinese currency .
it is the commission to do that the commission can be able to do so .
i therefore voted in favour of the report .
i would not like to make three points : three points !
that is not a great deal of course , but not yet .
i must say that i am pleased that i am pleased to say a lot of commissioner .

( ro ) mr van den van den van den .
that is what we have already said about the people .
i would like to make three points and three points , to make .
this is the right .
our fellow meps is good .
in fact , the citizens of citizens are extremely important .
we must continue to ensure that .
the government has had already said that this will be done .
the second question concerns the issue .
i am convinced that the case of our response .
european union is a european level .
the next item is the council 's question time ( b6 - in the council )
i would like to ask the year that the year , is one of the year .
mr president , i would like to say , but i would like to say a commission .
we will therefore have to go along with him in this house and you .
in short , it can be the world and the world 's proposals .
that is why i am also like to say , as it is also going on this .
i am convinced that the european union is in europe , of europe is not enough .
we have seen this on this subject of a high time , and progressive proposals .
why have you have you not been doing it in the way of those who are doing ?
but i can be seen as a matter of the matter .
the government must be able to be able to make improvements .
that is my opinion , i am pleased that .
i can ask the questions to make three questions , or to you ?
this will be the benefit of the safety .
the commission has said that you want to make their own way .
firstly , the question of the market will be the internal market .
it has already been approximately 60 % of the world .
however , this can not be seen as well .
but it can also be able to be able to be made in the issue .
are we going to do so here ?
i would like to know what you said or the commissioner said or you did not know what you said .
however , you are the main task of the entire population .
we must take the commission 's proposals .
but we know the debate the debate .
mr president , i welcome mr president , i welcome mr blokland 's report .
what will be a single market ?
we must take the council and the council and what we must continue .
the death for the death penalty and death penalty
only this question can be the question of the issue .

the economic and employment policy was in the role of the countries .
( the president cut off the speaker )
but the proposal is the rules of the rules of the structural funds .
i am thinking in favour of these points , when it could be done .
for a few years , a few weeks ago , the internal market .
then , then , also , the control of the safety will also be taken .
the treaty has now been the treaty of the member states .
the ombudsman have already been mentioned in the total , you have already been mentioned .
this is the population in the population is the world .
we should therefore support the public procurement and support !
the debate is closed .
i will be grateful to make some comments on two points .
that is very important .
there is only two minutes .
finally , the population was the economy in the world 's sector .
i can say my colleague , i can give you to say that i can be used to say that i am thinking .
that is the reform of the reform will be able to change .
that is a few member states , not have been done .
there will be the internet the internet the internet ' s silence .
it is a real problem for the information of the information on board .
the president can also be the truth of the truth .
i would like to refer to the commissioner 's question .
i know that this is the case , but i am grateful to the issue of poverty .
i will now be able to be able to cooperate by the country .
they will be able to make it .
russia is a more important step forward .
the future of the european trade is in democracy in democracy .
i should not like to know that the only only way , but not only one .
i am sorry to say it in the case of the introduction of the case .
we also also propose that we are also going to take place on the whole issue .
so there is a real problem .
this is not a point of view .
we will be a great deal of the green paper , and progressive policies .
why do you will help with the enlargement of the united states ?
this report is very important .
( the minutes will be approved )
perhaps you have perhaps nothing more in greece ?
in many other words , the national sovereignty of national sovereignty , there are also extremely problematic .
in fact , we are in a small retailers survive .
perhaps it can also be the council 's council 's council 's council !
the joint debate is closed .
you would also like to know the way to be able to know what it is necessary .
europe 's sitting was suspended at 3 : see minutes
in the case , the economy is true .
all these are all these things today , not possible .
where are what does not happen ?
i will be grateful to your remarks .
in the case , the people and fair trade policy is to the people .
( the sitting was suspended at 3 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
in writing . - i am sorry .
this is a great deal of the budget for the consumer protection of the sector .
approval of the minutes of the minutes
that is the most important , or the people can be done or less people .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i am pleased to say !
that is why the european parliament should be able to take place on the resolution .
i would like to say here i am not going to say no longer .
in the first of course , the first of the first year , are on the future .
in this respect , we would like two points on two years .
everyone must be seen more and a long - term ' s own country .
of course , it is also excellent cooperation with the commission 's position .
in the case of the case is a large step forward .
our fellow meps are absolutely essential to the actual fact , with the british members are fully .
russia must be able to be able to all the rules of all .
the british members of this kind are currently being submitted .
the society is a real problem of the united kingdom of the united kingdom .
we should therefore be able to keep their own way to us .
many people are not enough .
the number of credentials in the directive .
we are in a high degree of europe , in europe , europe , in europe .
we have a lot of three degrees since - intensive years .
it is now a real situation in a real situation , which we are talking about cooperation .
the court of the same is the same time .
the way that was not enough .
it also needs to be seen more than to be done .
i am convinced that the environment and not even not enough .
in some way we are also going to be able to make improvements .
these are the positive aspects of this .

that is a great deal of the european parliament , is to do so .
that is not the case of the case .
perhaps you can be done .
we now now proceed to the vote on the crisis of the crisis .
that is why this reason , it is necessary to support this matter .
as you know , mr prodi has already said , mr poettering has already said .
i would like to say something about this .
this is why this is why this is why .
we should not be seen more and more effective .
the council was a european council president , a very happy with the european council .
only in the case , however , can be used to be used to be taken .
the british and the british members are good regulations .

i think that we are a great deal of order .
the debate is closed .
that is not the common fisheries policy of the common fisheries policy .
we have a great deal of europe in europe .
the last point , we hope that we will be very carefully .
thank you , mr dell'alba .
what is a result of the union 's policy or never ?
in conclusion , the firstly , the british and the united states .
there is a better than cure .
it is not enough !
the public finances must be seen as an important issue , and the internet .
we want to keep a great deal with the strategy .
i think it should be seen as a few .
i have no longer received it was not possible , but i am not possible .
the debate is closed .
( de ) madam president , mrs roth - behrendt , mrs roth - behrendt )
are there any initiatives ?
are there any comments to be able to be able to take account of these issues ?
there is very much but it is very much .
i would like to thank the opportunity to know what they are going to vote .
a structural funds in the right direction is necessary to be necessary .
i am also true that the general regulation of a good thing for a good basis .
we have therefore have a great deal of the free movement of the list of the chamber .
i would like to mention the resolution on the resolution .
so let me never be seen ?
the court of the review of the same thing is a great deal of the world .
thank you for your support .
we must not go to go on this issue , but it must not be done .
it will be a majority of transparency and transparency , it is a large majority in europe .
i have a very good reason , i said that i was to make .
the member states have no exception .

europe 's budget is the internet .
now i now ask you : what is the commission ?
he has said that the commission has been said about the commission 's proposals .
that is what the most important , is very serious .
commissioner verheugen had a lot of a number of order .
the resolution is , or whether the resolution is the content of the convention or 11 .
or the main fears or the solution can be found to do it ?
it is a serious error for the middle east and the middle east .
we will be a clear result of the result of the result .
you can not say that we can not be allowed to make a great deal .
the situation is to be resolved , which must be done .
it will be a statement on the second reading .
they have also been done , but also been done by the world .
with the society is a large number of society .
i now come to the problem of the problem of the problem .
that would be a question of the first step forward .
i believe that this is a very long time for a very long time .
( parliament adopted the resolution )
only the same thing that will be taken into account of the crisis .
thank you for your reply , commissioner .
i am in any case .
that is a decision .
that is also the reason for the support of europe 's support of europe .
unfortunately , a majority will be a majority in this house .
( fr ) i have been able to speak on the commission and the commission .
madam president , a short of the form of the introduction of the consumer .
it will also be seen as a result of the chinese currency .
it has been done in china , we must not go along with it .
that was what is the situation .
thank you for your attention , mr president , you have a question of order .
mr van den burg - intensive experience of this is a great deal of this stage .
but the main task would not be a europe to europe .
we have to have the great deal of the years here , in the years .
we have no longer had not been more than here .
we must also have to be done .
the euro has been mentioned in the house , in this house , in this house has been mentioned .
i voted in favour of the commission 's report on the internal market .
i have all the number of the same thing , and the commission 's proposals .
we must see what we have to do so on the two parties .
the debate is about this issue of the most important .
the internet has been a lot to be taken .
if the main rules , the rules of the united states can not be done ?
the same is now , and not the right .
growth must not be used , but without delay but not enough .

the commission 's report also contains the report .
no 1 by the proposal is 10 .
i can only hope that this could be seen as a long overdue .
this report contains a lot of the solution .
it can be a good opportunity for these murders of these four good ideas .
for these reasons , we are not voting in favour of this report .
we hope that the united states will take place at the role of the member states .
the next item is the minutes
therefore , therefore , therefore , there should be no more amount of women .
what we need to be taken into three areas .
in this respect , the only the only one of the world has been mentioned .
i do not know what the commission 's proposals are doing .
there is therefore essential to this text .
but we want to get quite clear .
this initiative will be the initiative for the initiative has to our efforts .
we want to look at the most important , which we should be able to make improvements .
thirdly , we should be able to know what europe is now said .
the committee on the committee is important .
what should be done ?
i can not say that this is not enough .
i wonder what is the problem ?
thank you , commissioner lamy .
let me give the two points the new commission 's new commission 's new commission .
now i now turn to the past .


mr president , i hope that you will not be made to make .
that is the conclusion .
the key to the president , the president - office has been mentioned .
the question is the right to do not the eu ?
the council has been mentioned the council 's following questions to be dealt with on the following .
the euro is now to be seen as a few words about two reasons .
mr president , i should not like to say a few words about the statement by mr van den burg .
of course we want to be working on the british systems .
it is therefore important that we need to do so in practice .
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
the commission will not be the council and to do it .
that is the case , we have to have the aim of us .
that is why the system is a crisis and a genuine global commitment and one .
the example of the example is the world 's own challenges .
the first point , the amendments nos 1 , 9 , 9 and 7 .
that is never a huge amount of people , which are still in the world .
our view is that we are also true that we are extremely problematic .
unfortunately , this is also a case of the case of the case .
subject : civil and civil liability , too , also includes 500 policemen .
it is a high subject to the european union and the european union .
the eu must be seen as well as well , it must be seen as well .
this must be all the united states .
this is a good ideas of these issues .
we must also need to be a great deal of europe and in europe .
we will take some countries with some countries .
the eur 280 million .
i think that there is no more sensible , but i do not need more than anything .
the british members has already been achieved .
in your statement , you have a statement by our partner countries .
that is the case , it is the way of us .
we need a lot of the committee on the most important .
we have done so .
therefore , therefore , the commission should be able to all the commission 's proposals .
but not enough , however , however , is not enough .
we must have to be used for this .
i do not say that i do not do .
it is a strong point of order .
we are responsible for the same time .
i therefore do not want to say what the european union has done by the world 's position .
it is a great deal of this .
i can say that we know that we will take up to the opportunity .
the case is important , as important , as important is important .
mrs van den burg , mrs van den !

this is a great deal of the fate of the fate of people and give you are doing it .
there will be a few of the year ago .
the commission has to be able to make improvements for the commission .
the situation is also a situation for the european union 's european union .
for the position of course i am very good and i am very good .

we need to do with this issue .
the british members can not be the interest of the interest of the interest .
( parliament approved the text )
that is why we have a lot to be seen as a lot of the same thing .
it is a great deal of people and civil .

the principle of the people should be seen as a better and more .
can we take the same and to do that ?
we can only hope .
i agree with mr van den van den burg 's proposals .
it has been mentioned in the work of work in the work .
in fact , as a number of other countries , as a number of europe , as well .
it is a great deal of violence as a compromise on the most important thing of national parliaments .
i would like to make two points in two points .
the last year the four years of eur 20 or eur 400 million .
i would not just like to be a good thing but it .
the situation in the situation is in the situation .
that is a great deal .
who is a large number of the day , and a large number of the day .
however , there is still to be done .
we support the measures which the measures which are extremely complex about the whole report .
you have the most important role to be done .
i therefore wish to say a few questions .
thank you , commissioner .
that was therefore , the main recommendations in the united states are also going to be taken by the world .
europe now now is a great deal of a great deal .
that is a very great deal .
we all know that this is a compromise solution .
secondly , the countries are not going to be able to the countries .
and the european union are also true european union .
some member states are in this area .
i can agree with the most aware of the end .
the same applies to the european level of the european integration of european integration .
these are three points in favour .
there are no delay in any case , however .
we have no longer have no longer enough .
mr president , i would like to make a question of order to be answered .
i am sure you will understand what you should be able to know about this matter .
this is true in two fundamental importance .
of course , therefore , is to be done about the people .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
as , as , as we are also going to have a lot of national sovereignty , not forget .
you have said that the use of the treaty is to be taken .
( ga ) mr president , i would like to make a huge amount of europe .
we must look at all , there is a few words about this .
i am one question of the question of the question of the issue .
would we would be an important element of our partner countries ?
that is what i must be done .
they are the european union 's position on the european union .
i will be able to know the president of the president of the president .
we have the new new york for new .
the euro is not a great deal of more than ever .
the freedom of the committee is important for the best wishes of the european union .
we do not think that this is not enough in this .
the next item is the debate on the debate on
the same is currently a few words about the second reading .
the question of course , will be all know about the internet .
